README.md, before:

# Introduction

In some organisations, engineers get compensated for going *on-call outside of working hours*. I have a couple of teams at Kaluza that I look after. Both with at least 4 people on the rota. We also have an incident commander rota. And every month, us managers have to fill in a spreadsheet for payroll to account for our on-call so that we all get paid at the end of the month for both on-call and our primary job. This sounds like a simple thing, and it is. Just that it takes about 5 minutes per team. If your team is geographically distributed, then you have more than one sheet to fill as each location has a different payroll and on-call rates and things.

## How to get started?

This is a basic [Typescript project that runs on node](https://nodejs.org/en/learn/getting-started/nodejs-with-typescript).

Checkout `package.json` for the `npm` tasks used to build and run the project.

Don't forget to run `npm install` to install all dependencies, including [Pager Duty's JS Client](https://github.com/PagerDuty/pdjs).

## PagerDuty API User Token

Login to pagerduty, hover over your profile icon, go to *My Profile*. Then go to *User Settings* where you can see a button that reads, *Create API User Token*. Remember to store the API Key in something like 1Password so that you can retrieve it securely for later. And make sure you don't commit that to your git repository.

Commit message:

feat(test): add test and cleanup
- Add test using jest and related config
- split datastructures into different files
- fix compilation errors
- simple describe update

README.md, after:

# Introduction

In some organisations, engineers get compensated for going *on-call outside of working hours*. I have a couple of teams at Kaluza that I look after. Both with at least 4 people on the rota. We also have an incident commander rota. And every month, us managers have to fill in a spreadsheet for payroll to account for our on-call so that we all get paid at the end of the month for both on-call and our primary job. This sounds like a simple thing, and it is. Just that it takes about 5 minutes per team. If your team is geographically distributed, then you have more than one sheet to fill as each location has a different payroll and on-call rates and things.

## How to get started?

This is a basic [Typescript project that runs on node](https://nodejs.org/en/learn/getting-started/nodejs-with-typescript).

Checkout `package.json` for the `npm` tasks used to build and run the project.

Don't forget to run `npm install` to install all dependencies, including [Pager Duty's JS Client](https://github.com/PagerDuty/pdjs).

### Tests with ts-jest

Followed instructions on [jest via ts-jest](https://jestjs.io/docs/getting-started#via-ts-jest).

## PagerDuty API User Token

Login to pagerduty, hover over your profile icon, go to *My Profile*. Then go to *User Settings* where you can see a button that reads, *Create API User Token*. Remember to store the API Key in something like 1Password so that you can retrieve it securely for later. And make sure you don't commit that to your git repository.
